HaSeul came to the airport to go to London
after she finished [소년, 소녀(Let Me In)] MV filming!
‘I think HeeJin & HyunJin have already arrived London!’
‘They must be waiting for me, right??’
'Now we're waiting for HaSeul!'
HeeJin & HyunJin is waiting for HaSeul for 3 hours after 18 hours flight from Seoul to London...
‘I just arrived London…’
She looks very excited to see HeeJin & HyunJin…
‘Where are my babies?’
HeeJin & HyunJin are nowhere to be found…
‘Wait… she might be come out!’
'They said HaSeul already came out!'
Also HeeJin & HyunJin is still looking for HaSeul!
‘I can’t find them…’
What happened to them...
‘I can’t say!!!’
‘We’ve been waiting for HaSeul at here almost 30 minutes…’
‘But she already came out from the other gate…’
'So… what should we do now…?'
‘Relax’
When can the girls meet each other...?